Now, please take your leave.
Miss Remon, you seem
kind of different
than the last time we saw you.
Remon.
(gasps)
This is not the proper
way to treat people
to whom you're beholden.
Please.
We must thank them properly.
The reason we came here
isn't to be thanked.
And anyway, who are you?
Oh, I beg your pardon?
My name's Kankitsu Akitsuki.
I'm Remon's fiancé, and
I'll soon be her husband.
What?
(Opening Theme Music)
-(singing in Japanese)
I understand now.
I'm so sorry.
I wasn't aware of the situation.
As you can see,
Remon's rather busy
with the preparations
for the wedding.
We are quite short on time.
May I ask you to
take your leave?
Yes, but first, could I
return this handkerchief?
I forgot to give it back to
her the last time I saw her.
Look, that's enough.
Now please just leave.
(Konohamaru grunts)
Yes. I see.
-Sorry to bother you.
-Hm?
But big bro, you came to
return the handkerchief.
[Konohamaru] Forget it.
We're leaving.
I just don't get what
happened back there at all.
Is that actually
what girls are like?
I mean, she treated us
like we were trespassers.
I thought that all of
us had become friends.
Didn't you?
But I guess underneath it all,
she didn't feel
the same way, huh?
On top of everything,
she has a fiancé.
Hey, I wonder what that
was all about, you know?
[Girl] Uh...
-Huh?
-Is it this way?
Hey, the sun's about to set,
so you ought to head home.
You shouldn't be playing out
here when nighttime comes.
[Girl] I'm not playing.
I'll try to figure out
the way to go to get home.
[Boruto] The way home?
Well, where do you live?
Daidai Village.
But all of a sudden, I can't
remember which way to go.
(Boruto sighs)
Hey, come on.
You really ought to learn
where your house is at least.
There's no choice.
We'll just have to take
her back to her village.
Hold on, Daidai Village?
That's where Miss
Remon lives, isn't it?
(Konohamaru grunts)
[Kankitsu] What's the matter?
If it's about that handkerchief,
I'll buy you all that you want.
[Remon] Please just let
me return to my room.
Yes, of course.
Oh, and I forgot to mention.
For right now, until
the wedding ritual,
you'll be staying in a special
room I've had prepared.
In a special room?
But why do I have to stay here?
I've been feeling guilty.
For far too long, I've
ignored you too much,
and frankly, I've left you in
an environment that's unsafe,
my dear Remon.
So I've prepared a place for you
that's safer than anywhere else.
Still to be kept in
a place like this?
It feels like I'm a...
(gasps)
(melancholy music)
Poor lady Remon.
I simply can't allow anything
to happen to my bride to be
before the wedding ritual.
You must know that
too. Right, Remon?
It's all for the
sake of the village.
I understand.
Also, just in case, I'll
take this for safekeeping.
Please, just wait.
That precious hair clip
guards my memories from Soma!
Of course. I'm aware of that.
But still our wedding ritual
is right around the corner.
To ensure nothing happens
to this hair clip,
I, your future spouse, will
hold onto it and keep it safe.
I don't know what happened,
but you've really changed.
You weren't like this before.
(Kankitsu chuckles)
Anzu, where have you been?
Well it looks like everything's
turned out just fine.
Yeah. All that fuss for nothing.
It was really weird.
All of a sudden, I
couldn't remember
where the village was.
(village people chattering)
You know, since we've
already come all this way,
what do you say we try to see
Miss Remon one more time, huh?
Since we didn't get a chance
to talk to her earlier.
Don't be ridiculous.
We can't do something like that.
Oh come on big bro. Aren't
you worried about her?
She wasn't cold to us when
we met her in the Leaf.
Well, that's just...
That was such a cruel
thing to do to you.
I don't understand.
Lord Kankitsu used
to be much kinder.
To take away your
hair clip. (sighs)
He's just nervous
because he's carrying
such a large responsibility
on his shoulders.
We must make sure
that the ritual
just has to go smoothly
no matter what.
Actually, about that.
Huh?
Well, it seems that there's
another in the village
who's lost their memory.
Oh no.
It was a little girl, and
because her memory was gone,
she'd gotten lost.
But luckily some travelers
who were passing by
came to her rescue.
But why is this
happening so soon?
Nothing like this has ever
been spoken of in the legend.
I'm afraid I don't know.
We must hurry with
the wedding ritual.
-Lady Remon.
-(tense music)
[Boruto] What's going on?
Security wasn't anywhere
near as tight this afternoon.
[Konohamaru] Yeah.
[Boruto] It's strange
enough that Miss Remon
was so cold to us
all of a sudden,
but then the moment
we came to see her,
security suddenly got tighter?
There's just got to be
something going on here.
[Konohamaru] I
guess we should go
try to find Miss Remon and
ask her what's happening.
(Boruto chuckles)
[Boruto] Roger that.
This is a personal
investigation, not a mission.
So unnecessary involvements
forbidden, okay?
Yeah, well you may say
that but you're the one
who really wants to talk
to Miss Remon, big brother.
Ah, that's not true.
Hey!
(soft music)
(gasps)
(humming)
Hm?
Super sour!
Mr. Konohamaru, you
have to try this.
Uh...
Okay. Here goes.
(grumbling)
Super sour! (coughs)
(giggles)
He said he didn't
like sour things,
but the way he choked
was too much. (laughs)
The face he made when he ate
that burger was so funny, aye?
[Konohamaru] Did I
really look that funny?
Mr. Konohamaru, you...
What are you doing in a
place like this anyway?
[Konohamaru] Who
did this to you?
Lord Kankitsu did.
Although he told me
that he put me in here
out of concern for my safety.
[Boruto] Concern?
I don't care how concerned
he is, this is cruel.
Oh, I really don't mind.
You're acting all
weird, Miss Remon.
You're different than you were
when we met back in
the Leaf Village.
And you're not wearing
your hair clip.
Yes, Lord Kankitsu
said that he'd
just hold onto it for me.
Why? Does my hair look funny?
No, I'm so sorry.
I didn't mean it that way.
-(Miss Remon laughs)
-Hey, it's not funny.
Wow. That's a relief for sure.
That's the Remon we know.
Whatever the reason for
putting you in here might be,
we can't just leave
you like this.
Shall I go and talk
to Mr. Kankitsu?
-(Miss Remon sighs)
-It's all right.
This is really the only way
that we can save the village.
It's the only way
to save the village?
And just what do
you mean by that?
Will you tell us
what's going on here?
The story begins 400 years ago.
Back then Daidai Village was
in danger of being destroyed
by a demon monster
by the name of Soma.
Soma is an entity that
consumes human memories.
Human memories?
[Remon] Once someone
loses their memories,
they don't recognize
their own families.
And they even
forget who they are.
Supposedly they end up
wasting away and dying.
It's said to have
looked like this.
A monster with horns, huh?
So what happened to Soma, then?
To save the village, Lady Kuen,
the shrine maiden back then,
set out to eliminate Soma,
but Soma was too strong,
so Lady Kuen wasn't able
to completely destroy it.
Lady Kuen was possessed by Soma,
but before her body was about
to be completely taken over,
she was able to seal Soma
away in stone just in time.
In order to extract
Soma from her body,
she cut off the horns that
had grown out of the rock.
But in that moment, a
part of Soma's power
was locked within her.
After that Lady Kuen stepped
down as shrine maiden.
She was unaware that she'd
been tainted with Soma's curse,
and when she bore
twins later on,
it was passed down to them.
[Boruto] A curse?
When an afflicted
reaches 20 years of age,
the curse appears as a marking.
The mark indicates
that whoever bears it
acts as a connection between
Soma and the outside world.
In other words,
they're a portal.
And at that point, Soma
begins slowly draining
all of the memories away
from whoever's been cursed.
Their memories?
Does that mean you're
saying you're a...
Yes.
I'm a descendant of the
shrine maiden Lady Kuen
who sealed Soma.
Lord Kankitsu's also a
descendant from a bloodline
that branched off 400 years ago.
The Akitsuki Clan's originally
from the same bloodline.
Wait, hold on just a minute.
You said people's
memories get stolen,
but how can that be Miss Remon?
I mean, you still remember us.
All the memories are
only drained away
little by little over the
course of several years.
But the women who become cursed
also inherit a tool
handed down by Lady Kuen
which helps them to
stave off that process.
That's the...
Yes, the hair clip.
It's a special item that
Lady Kuen herself made.
It protects one's
memory from Soma.
The hair clip does that?
Soma's power is enormous.
The seal that's holding it
weakens every hundred years,
and that allows Soma to regain
at least a part of his power.
When horns grow out of the rock,
that's the sign its
power is returning.
So once that occurs,
that means Soma
is going to come back.
To prevent that from
happening, every hundred years,
a man and a woman from the
two bloodlines manifest
the marking, and the
two of them are wed.
At that time, Soma's
horn is cut off
and a ritual to
reseal Soma is held.
Lord Kankitsu has also been
cursed with the marking.
All this means that we've
now reached the time.
When the hundred years are up.
And that means you
and Mr. Kankitsu...
But I don't get it.
Why can't you just
perform the sealing ritual
without having to go through
all the getting married stuff?
Lord Kankitsu
inherited the marking,
just the same as I have.
And this curse
connection to Soma,
it's draining his memories.
The only way to break it is
through the wedding ritual.
Miss Remon...
Leave it to us, you know.
Big bro and I will destroy
the Soma creature, no problem.
And then you won't have to marry
Kankitsu, isn't that right?
Thanks so much for your offer
but Soma doesn't actually
have a physical presence,
so it can't be destroyed with
weapons or with ninjutsu.
What? No way.
I've never heard of that.
No, things like that
really do exist.
My grandpa died from
using a Forbidden Jutsu
where he entered into
a contract with a being
beyond human comprehension.
Then what are we supposed to do?
Now you see, that's why I
have to marry Lord Kankitsu.
(Konohamaru grumbles)
(insects buzzing)
Is he going out again?
But where does he go
at this late hour?
(owl hooting)
Still, that Kankitsu's
a horrible guy.
Am I right, big bro?
Why are you asking me?
No reason.
Hey, come on Boruto,
don't tease adults!
(Miss Remon laughs)
You two are very close,
aren't you? (laughs)
I've known him since
he was a little baby,
but lately he's become
such a know it all.
Hey, no way. I am not.
I have known Lord Kankitsu
since the both of
us were children,
but he wasn't always the
cold person you've seen.
He's changed so much.
-Miss Remon, I-
-Okay, but still,
even if it was because
of the Soma monster,
anybody would hate having
to get married to a guy
who locked them up
like this, you know?
Hey, Boruto-
Don't you think so too, big bro?
Even if it's to seal Soma away,
what's the point if Miss
Remon won't be happy?
Boruto, I'm okay with this.
Come on, Miss Remon.
That's not how you
really feel is it?
It may not be right away,
but the Leaf just
might have a way
to combat this Soma entity.
And if so, Miss Remon,
then your curse will-
Do you remember back in
the Hidden Leaf Village,
when you told me about
your grandfather?
Yes.
When I think back on that,
I'm sure it was
destiny in action.
Hearing that story
greatly eased my anxiety
and allowed me to
make up my mind.
That story gave me courage right
at the time when
I needed it most.
I believe that your
grandfather must've felt
the same way back then
as I do right now.
And you inherited
your determination
from your grandfather.
If you were in my position now,
I think you would
make the same choice.
-Isn't that right?
-(soft music)
I apologize that
it's so wrinkled.
That's all right.
I'm glad we were able
to talk once again.
-Thank you for your concern.
-(soft music)
[Boruto] I just don't
get any of this.
[Konohamaru] Get what?
Why are you going to leave
Miss Remon like this?
There's no way that
she actually wants
-to marry that Kankitsu guy.
-(soft music)
Hey! Big bro?
[Konohamaru] All right.
Hey, when I get
back to the village,
I'm going to work real hard.
(Boruto groans)
-Pardon me?
-Huh?
My name's Asaki.
I'm from the Yoimura Clan,
and I act as Lady
Remon's attendant.
I've come to see
you today because
I want to make a request
of you Hidden Leaf Shinobi.
Yes? What can we do for you?
Please, I'd like you to
investigate Lord Kankitsu.
Why is that?
You may have already heard
this from Lady Remon,
but still, Lord Kankitsu
once was very kind.
He and Lady Remon have
been the best of friends
since they were both children.
But ever since the date
was set for the ritual,
his personality has changed.
He's become very cold.
So you're telling us that his
personality suddenly changed?
And nearly every night it seems
he also goes off
somewhere all by himself.
What should we do, big bro?
I understand.
We'll look into it.
[Asaki] Oh, thank you very much.
[Boruto] Come on.
Let's get going.
-(crow cawing)
-(tense music)
Well, nothing weird so far.
Let's keep watching
for a little longer.
(tense music)
He's going to where
Miss Remon is.
Hm.
[Kankitsu] You must
eat or you'll collapse.
(Miss Remon gasps)
I'm not feeling very hungry now.
That doesn't sound good.
We're going to be married soon.
I don't think it's
a good idea for us
to have any secrets between us.
Oh?
Please, give it back!
Did an insect get
in here somehow?
-Hm.
-(tense music)
Nothing happened at all.
After he left Miss Remon,
he just went back to
his room and slept.
No sign of anything
suspicious here, either.
There's no choice.
I guess that we ought to go
report into Auntie Asaki.
(tense music)
(dramatic music)
How strange.
What was I just about
to do right now?
(Boruto groans)
Boy, auntie's really late.
(Konohamaru grunts)
(Closing Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
I'm home.
Welcome back.
Hey, uh, what happened?
Your clothes are so muddy.
[Boruto] Oh yeah.
I think I must have
fallen or something.
[Himawari] Big brother.
Why do you have a hair clip?
[Boruto] What?
Hey, you're right.
I have no idea why I have this.
Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
"Something That
Steals Memories."
Nevermind that, I gotta go try
the latest burger that
they came out with.
(Closing Theme Music)